Clean up network setting docs (#88929)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/http.asciidoc

// tag::http-cors-allow-methods-tag[]
`http.cors.allow-methods` {ess-icon}::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, string)
Which methods to allow. Defaults to `OPTIONS, HEAD, GET, POST, PUT, DELETE`.
// end::http-cors-allow-methods-tag[]

[[http-cors-allow-headers]]
// tag::http-cors-allow-headers-tag[]
`http.cors.allow-headers` {ess-icon}::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, string)
Which headers to allow. Defaults to `X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Content-Length`.
// end::http-cors-allow-headers-tag[]

[[http-cors-allow-credentials]]
// tag::http-cors-allow-credentials-tag[]
`http.cors.allow-credentials` {ess-icon}::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Whether the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` header should be returned. Defaults to `false`.
+
NOTE: This header is only returned when the setting is set to `true`.

// end::http-cors-allow-credentials-tag[]

`http.detailed_errors.enabled`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures whether detailed errors may be returned in HTTP responses. Defaults
to `true`, which means that HTTP requests which include
<<common-options-error-options,`?error_trace` URI parameter>> will return a

> detailed error message including a stack trace if they encounter an exception.

Author: I think `may be` is correct here. By default we don't return detailed errors even if `http.detailed_errors.enabled: true` - this setting just permits the use of the `?error_trace` parameter.

`http.tcp.keep_alive`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option for this socket, which determines whether
it sends TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_alive`.

`http.tcp.keep_idle`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPIDLE` option for HTTP sockets, which determines the
time in seconds that a connection must be idle before starting to send TCP
keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_idle`, which uses the system
default. This value cannot exceed `300` seconds. Only applicable on Linux and
macOS.

`http.tcp.keep_interval`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPINTVL` option for HTTP sockets, which determines the
time in seconds between sending TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to
`network.tcp.keep_interval`, which uses the system default. This value cannot
exceed `300` seconds. Only applicable on Linux and macOS.

`http.tcp.keep_count`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPCNT` option for HTTP sockets, which determines the
number of unacknowledged TCP keepalive probes that may be sent on a connection

> before it is dropped. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_count`, which uses the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before it is dropped. Defaults to `-1`, which uses the
```

Reviewer: This is an `integer` setting, which I believe defaults to `-1`.

system default. Only applicable on Linux and macOS.

`http.tcp.no_delay`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `TCP_NODELAY` option on HTTP sockets, which determines whether
{wikipedia}/Nagle%27s_algorithm[TCP no delay] is enabled. Defaults to `true`.

`http.tcp.reuse_address`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `SO_REUSEADDR` option for HTTP sockets, which determines whether
the address can be reused or not. Defaults to `false` on Windows and `true`
otherwise.

`http.tcp.send_buffer_size`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, <<byte-units,byte value>>)
The size of the TCP send buffer for HTTP traffic. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.send_buffer_size`.

Reviewer: This setting accepts a `byte value`, but the default is listed as a `string`.

`http.tcp.receive_buffer_size`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, <<byte-units,byte value>>)
The size of the TCP receive buffer for HTTP traffic. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.receive_buffer_size`.

Reviewer: This setting accepts a `byte value`, but the default is listed as a `string`.
